[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I give him my coat.
It's like he's had the world.
>> Did he say anything to you?
>> He gives me his shoes.
They're torn.
They're tattered.
>> And what's the significance
of him giving you his shoes?
>> To realize life's not so bad.
My shoes don't leak.
[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
My name is Scott Cowles.
I'm 45 years of age.
I'm a business owner.
I own a waste clearance
company in Bristol, UK.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> In my 20s, I
probably lost my way.
I think I spent far too
much time in the pub.
And with that, cocaine
became involved.
So it was a place
where I certainly
didn't feel great in myself.
I went from job to job because
I never really kept one
for too long.
I was six months here,
six months there,
scaffolding, roofing,
ground working.
I just was never happy and
always moaning about bosses,
how bad they were.
And then my dad one day said
to me, well, if you're so good,
why don't you get
your own business
and then stop complaining
about other people,
and take a bit of
responsibility for yourself?
which I didn't like at the
time because it was the truth.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
My family owned a waste
transfer station in Bristol,
so I always felt there was
an opening in the market.
I borrowed 2,500
pounds off my dad,
and then I bought
an old banger van.
So I went off like
a Gypo, and [LAUGHS]
had a go to try and
make my fortune.
It was hard.
It was very, very
hard to start with.
Lots of times, I thought to
myself, should I give up?
Because I was earning less
than what I was earning before.
I was probably working more.
It was times where things were
hard, and then you were like,
is it worth it?
But in the back of your mind--
I was always-- if I keep
pushing, I can be my own boss.
I don't want to be
someone's slave.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I think a lot changed
for me around when
I started having my
business, which then gave me
my first bit of confidence.
And then I started to
train in martial arts more.
So I started quite late in
my life where, I would say,
seriously I took it at about 29.
Where I would have usually
been in a nightclub
Friday, Saturday, and
Sunday, I was then
in the gym, Friday, Saturday,
Sunday, and all the week.
It gave me confidence to
be more bold in business
and believe in yourself.
I wanted to prove to
myself I could do it.
I could get the
best out of this.
I can be the best version of me.
That was probably a newer start
on to a newer evolution of me.
And then my business
started to flourish as well.
But one of the things
I didn't particularly
like what I was doing was when
things were going wrong in work,
whether it was too much
or if it was too less,
I could get very stressed.
And sometimes that didn't
bring the best out in me.
And then, I suppose, I started
looking more into spirituality.
The next phase was to
try to do hypnotherapy.
So on Instagram, I met a
lady called Triona Sheeran.
So then Triona
Sheeran recommended
a lady called Ellemiek
Drucker, and she works out
of Glastonbury.
And here I am for
my session today.
I've actually been quite nervous
and quite looking forward
to working with Ellemiek.
I feel like it's the right time.
And I just feel like with work
sometimes, I get so overwhelmed.
Whether it's too busy or if
it's too quiet, I'm like,
how am I going to get this done?
How's the guys' wages
going to happen this week?
And I can feel my health
deteriorating from it.
I just felt as soon as I
made contact with Ellemiek,
I instantly felt,
yeah, this is right.
And I think this could be
another change for me again.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Glastonbury is
a unique place.
I think it's the
only place in UK
where you can smell the
incense as you walk down
the high street.
There's crystal shop.
There's witchy shops.
There's people having workshops.
It's a magical, beautiful place.
It attracts people
interested in spirituality,
people interested in who they
are, why they're here, how they
can contribute to the world.
My name is Ellemiek Druker.
I'm a regression therapist
based on the Isle of Wight,
and I also work
out of Glastonbury.
In regression therapy,
we take people back
to the source of the problem.
We use hypnosis to
relax them a little bit,
and then we just go back.
We trace the problem back to
where it very first began,
whether that's in the current
life or in a past life.
And whenever we
find that source,
we just work to resolve
it so that problem doesn't
have to keep coming back.
I always knew there was more
to this life, more to this life
than we can see in
the here and now.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I used to have office jobs.
I used to work at a bank.
And I always felt
quite unfulfilled
because I felt like I haven't
really contributed anything
to this world.
So for me, when I discovered
past life regression, going back
to the source and
where everything began,
it just opened up my
world and has helped me
so much in my own
personal life as well.
Regression therapy is
a beautiful modality,
and every session is different.
And I never know beforehand
where we're going to go,
where the problem
began for the client,
whether it's in childhood,
whether it's in the womb,
or whether it's in a
time that some people may
perceive as a past life.
Other people might perceive
it as a metaphor, a story.
And often, in just one
session, we can heal,
and we can just make
people's lives so much more
fun and so much more enjoyable.
Scott contacted me
recently, and he
wanted to come in for a
regression therapy session.
He's a business owner,
and he's got some issues
that he'd like to
resolve by going back
to the source of the issue.
I'm looking forward
to working with Scott
and helping him to
resolve these issues,
and I never know where
we're going to go.
I'm just a guide going
along on this journey,
and we'll go wherever
he needs to go,
whether that's his childhood
or whether it's a past life.
Wherever we go, he can
trust those answers
because they'll be
coming from within.
Lovely, thanks for coming
to see me today, Scott.
>> You're welcome.
>> So what can I
do for you today?
What can I help you with?
>> Well, in the last
five or six years,
my work has
definitely got better.
It's pretty much everything
I wanted in life.
But I just want to make sure, as
I go along, I keep my happiness
and I keep my health.
If I have too much work, or
if I have too much little,
I tend to get very stressed.
I just want to live
in the moment more,
where sometimes I'm
allowing that to take
my happiness of a day of things
which are happening really nice.
>> You want to
live in the moment.
And you're saying when
there's too much work
or there's not quite enough
work, you get stressed.
Can you describe that
for me a little bit?
How does that feel
for you, that stress?
>> Sometimes a bit overwhelmed.
And I can feel like--
the inners of your
body, it feels like--
you don't feel well
in yourself with it.
Say, for example, I'll
say, OK, today I'm
going to take my mind off it.
I'll go to Dunster Beach.
I'll go with my girlfriend,
and I'll go with my dog.
And I'll be there, and
then, all of a sudden, I'll
be, you've got to
do that tomorrow.
And then for 20
minutes, half hour,
I'm then thinking about work.
And what I find is like
with my mind process,
it's then when you're thinking
of a negative thought,
another negative
thought seems to come.
And instead of me,
oh, hang on a minute.
I'm lucky enough to
be on a beach today
when everyone's
supposed to be at work,
and I should be enjoying
this with the two most
important people
in my life, I've
now thought about
the thought of work.
What could go wrong?
And all of a sudden,
it changes my mood.
It's like, well, I'm there, but
I'm not there at that place.
And where I should
be enjoying it,
I'm already thinking
of tomorrow.
And I have a tendency, when
it's too busy or too quiet,
to go into that quite a lot.
>> Do you criticize
yourself over that?
Like, come on!
Don't worry about that now.
Enjoy the moment!
>> I'm hugely critical of
anything I do from work to train
in, of myself.
I've really tried
to pride myself
on standards of all of it.
>> I think us having a
chat beforehand is really--
it's almost like a funnel down.
We're trying to identify what is
the most important-- the thing
that's hottest?
What's the thing that's going
to get us the most juice?
And that's what
we're working on.
I'm sure you've heard the
expression, "People are onions."
And it's never just one thing
like, oh, I'm a bit shy,
or I'm a bit jealous.
It tends to be like a mish mash.
And this comes in, and there's
criticism, and that comes in.
But by really drilling it
down, actually, what is it?
Then that is likely to get
the biggest result for us.
So you're saying you
feel overwhelmed,
and then you're saying it just
doesn't feel well within you.
You're saying you're
critical of yourself.
Which of these do you
think is the bigger issue?
Is it that you're
feeling overwhelmed?
You're getting those thoughts?
Or is it you actually beating
yourself up over having thoughts
or perhaps being a
little bit too assertive?
>> I honestly don't know,
because there's times where one
will outweigh the other.
So they can both be a hindrance.
>> Yes.
You worry when there's too
much, like how am I going
to cope with all this work?
And when there's
not enough, am I
going to get other
work coming in?
Yeah.
And is it, indeed,
then those thoughts
that you think, if you're more
able to calm those thoughts
down, you're more
in control over it
and say, OK, there's
a lot of work.
OK, we put in a few extra hours.
If that's not enough,
OK, then maybe
we look at how we can
attract some more.
>> I have so much to be
thankful and appreciative for.
I don't want to put
my foot off the gas.
But at the same
time, that's what
I mean by living for the moment
where I'm already in a place
where I wanted to be.
And I believe in
five years' time I'll
be at the place I want to be.
But I don't want to
just keep on clicking
the fingers for that
five years because I
want to live in those
five years as well
and not just fill it
with, there you go.
There's your ice.
There's your money.
But now you've lost
10 years of living.
Things are going in
the right direction.
Stop looking for
what else you want.
Just look at what
you've got today.
>> In a minute, we'll get you
settled, get you lying down,
and then we'll just go into it.
If you don't so much have a
picture in your mind's eye,
I don't have either.
In the beginning, it can feel
like you're making it up.
That's absolutely fine
because everything
you're going to
experience will be
coming from you, 100% from you.
I'm going to just
ask you questions.
You've got the easy job.
You just answer my questions.
And my questions are
geared towards helping
you discover more.
So whatever it is that comes in
your mind, it comes from you.
So whether you've made it
up, or whether it's real,
just go with whatever comes.
>> Yeah, cool.
>> So let's get you settled.
If you want to pop into
the loo, you can do that.
>> Yeah, will do.
Yeah, lovely.
OK, brilliant.
>> Great.
When you're ready,
just tell me, what
is the first thing
that you notice here?
>> How dirty the streets are.
Feels very poor there.
>> Do you get a sense
you're alone there,
or do you feel the
presence of other people?
>> There's lots of other people.
>> The purpose of my questions
there are really to get him
embodied, for him to feel
like he was really there,
to really get the person
in an associated state.
>> So what about you?
Just get a sense of you.
Start by looking down
at your feet for me.
>> Broken shoes.
It's more like rags.
>> Rags.
>> Just old and dirty.
They were more like wraps,
and they had holes in them.
And I could feel--
as I walked, I
could feel the water on my feet.
It's just a very,
very weird feeling.
>> Is there anything
on your head?
>> A cap.
Now, how does the body feel?
Does the body feel
young, fit healthy?
Or does the body feel
old, perhaps tired?
>> Young but weak, nine or 10.
Worried.
I'm just trying to
look for work and food.
Definitely, I think it
was in London, an era
of, say, an Oliver Twist time.
I felt small, which I was.
I felt weak, which I was.
I was probably malnutritioned.
I'm just looking
for safety, really.
Just work at day, try to
find shelter at night.
>> Is that what's happening now?
It's dark, so you're
looking for shelter.
Is that right?
>> It's raining.
>> Just trying to survive.
>> Trying to survive, yeah.
>> It was a bridge, and you
could see the lights at the top.
And then underneath,
I could see--
I don't know-- maybe half
a dozen poor people, rags,
a little fire going.
It was not like a unity.
It was everyone to themselves.
It's not a nice place.
It's not people
helping each other.
>> How do you feel as you're
there with those people in not
a nice place?
>> Lonely.
Lonely, yeah.
After I felt that I've got all
the information from that scene,
I just moved him on to
the next significant event
in that lifetime.
People instinctively will know
what the next significant event
is.
Sometimes it's an actual
event, and sometimes it's
just a different atmosphere,
a different feeling.
Just tell me what it is
that you notice here.
>> Horses.
>> I'm looking after them.
I have a uniform on, and
I'm much more cleaner.
>> How old are
you here, roughly?
>> Twenties.
I feel here I'm a lot happier.
I've got away from the poverty.
Straight away, I could
feel I was cleaner,
and I was riding a horse.
But I could feel the
horse was strong.
And I felt like I had a uniform
on, like, not an army uniform,
but something of working for
maybe a manor or an attire.
And I was definitely happier.
>> So what happens next here?
>> We're going to go on a
hunt, three other men, dogs.
Here, I always feel happy
when I'm in the woods.
I feel safe.
There was just packs
of dogs with us.
There was horses.
So you had everything you
wanted for that moment in life.
So the woodland always gives
me a sense of presence,
and it always makes me
feel safe and secure.
>> Let's move forward to the
next significant event in that
same lifetime.
>> A big pane of window
I'm looking out of, like,
a chapel of a house.
A wife and a son.
>> What's happening
here in the house?
>> I'm happy because I can give
my son stuff which I never had.
>> What sort of things are you
able to give your son that you
never had?
>> To be a dad.
I never had one.
My wife's cooking.
We're not rich,
but we're not poor.
>> And how does that feel?
>> Contentment.
>> Yeah, contentment.
>> Everything we had was there.
So it was food.
We had love.
We had shelter.
Instead of, like, trying
to chase for something,
I was happy in that moment.
I didn't need something
else in my life.
>> We're going to move
either forwards or backwards
to the most significant
event in that lifetime.
>> I'm back in the dirty clothes
outside in the dirty streets.
>> In the dirty streets.
>> Cobbled stones.
People is loud drunk.
It's not a safe
place for children.
You try to get work
for food, for shelter.
Lots of the people
are not very nice.
>> It was remarkable.
Scott went back to an
event we'd already covered,
and that does happen sometimes.
And I knew the fact
that he went back
there must mean that there was
something significant for him
because he went back.
I didn't send him back there.
I just said go to the
most significant event.
Float a little bit
above your body,
and you're just seeing
this boy down below.
Just tell me what happens
to him down there.
>> He's doing the horseshoes,
and then he can live in the barn
with the horses.
>> Just tell me what's
so significant about this
particular day.
>> It's cleaner here
than in the city.
It's freedom.
All of a sudden, life
started to get better.
And then as it started
getting better, I was eating.
I was growing.
Things were changing very much
from the times on the streets.
>> By now we'd experienced
a few significant events.
We worked out the most
significant events.
I just wanted to know
how that life ended,
so I instructed him to go
to the last day of his life.
Let's just find out
what happens to you.
>> I die in the chapel
where I saw the window.
>> Are you alone?
Is there anybody with you?
>> My wife.
>> Your wife's there.
>> It was on an estate, which
was just a small chapel which
had been in with my
wife and my child.
And that's where I could
see me dying by the window.
>> Tell me, what thoughts or
feelings are you taking with you
from this life that
you're about to leave?
>> Happy thoughts.
Life got better.
>> Are there any thoughts about
the beginning of your life?
>> Always dislike towards the
people in the start of the life.
I thought revenge a lot.
As an adult, I'd walk by
if I saw a kid like that.
You want to help him.
But because they didn't,
it just made me sad,
and it made me angry.
>> And let's now go forward in
time to the time that your heart
there stops beating and
then move beyond it.
So what I'd like
you to do now is
I'd like you to
travel in a meeting--
to a meeting place
in the spirit realm.
And we're going to, first of
all, meet your spirit guide.
How does your spirit
guide appear to you today?
>> A lot of white.
>> We all have guides.
Sometimes they show
themselves as a human being.
Sometimes it's an angelic form.
In Scott's case, it was white.
Ask your spirit guide, what
was the bitterness in that life
as the boy was just
trying to survive?
>> How people could have
helped and just looked away
because they weren't--
it wasn't their problem.
They were just nobodies.
They were just common folk.
>> But you say they
could have helped,
and they didn't, didn't they?
You were only just a boy.
>> When you see
them, though, now,
you realize they were
fighting their own battles.
They-- even though they could
have helped, none of them
were in good places.
>> But what would
that little boy say,
that little boy that
was lonely and scared?
>> You could have been better.
>> How does it feel to say that?
>> Just telling the truth.
>> Lots of them had
similar lives before.
That's why they see
it no different.
That's why they
ended up alcoholics
or whatever they were.
They had pretty much
similar lives, if not worse.
And what they've done is
they've become boys into adults,
but they were still
being children.
And then when I had the
chance to go back and see it,
you could see how
weak they were.
>> Even though, of course,
a part of you understands,
there's another part of you that
still has bitterness about that.
>> It's the bitterness
they carry too.
When you're not happy
there's bitterness,
there's usually trouble.
There's jealousy.
It's all a learning curve.
Made you stronger, survived.
Happiness and
sadness is temporary.
It just came out.
Because when I look at
my life in this life,
I look at some really good times
and then some really hard times.
But they're all temporary,
and life is temporary.
I suppose the answers
I was getting was,
everything is temporary,
and enjoy the moment
when it's there.
>> What are they saying is the
lesson that you're learning
in this current life?
>> Patience.
If I want something, I'll
go after it straight away.
I don't like waiting.
It clouds my judgment because
I don't think of what I've got.
I think of what I still haven't.
>> Is that, then, were
the overwhelm comes in?
>> I think so.
Sometimes you just need a
little lesson to remember it.
My mom and dad would
say I had no patience.
In school, I was told
I had no patience.
For the guys who I
do work for, they
would probably have
a couple of stories
to tell you about
my patience, also.
>> What could help you to
develop that patience so you can
be more in the moment?
>> Realizing where you've
got to already in life.
Celebrate the small wins.
If you look at where I
started in all my journeys
to where I am to now, there's
a hell of a lot of small wins.
And I think, from
this session, what
it's made me realize
is I will actually
celebrate the small wins more.
>> So what practical advice
can your guide give you going
forwards?
>> It's just to
appreciate things more.
Just let go.
Just-- just enjoy it.
Don't let life
worry you so much.
It brings out the
wrong side of you.
If I let go, and I enjoy things
more, and I realize how lucky
and how blessed I am and what
an actual beautiful world it is,
I think I would
find more happiness.
I just need to--
I need to go with the flow more.
>> By just letting go of
things, we can open up more.
We can enjoy-- we can enjoy
the lighter side of life.
Get a sense around you.
See if there's still any
connections with things holding
you back, when things are there,
stopping you from letting go
and just enjoying things.
>> The core root of it is
always going back to that boy,
being that poor and that afraid.
>> What does this boy need?
>> To realize it's over.
It's OK.
>> What is it you feel
you need to say to him?
>> Thank you for being strong
and doing everything you could.
You did great.
>> Yeah, you did great.
>> You were enough.
>> How does the boy react
when you say that to him?
>> He's happy.
>> For me, it felt like a really
good idea for them to meet
and for Scott to talk to
that little boy directly.
I wonder.
You've both got
gifts for each other.
It could be an object or it
could be a memory, or an image.
Think about what is it that
you like to give to this boy.
Exchanging gifts is
a powerful technique
I often use because it just
expresses a feeling in a symbol
that the client can then
later use to remind themselves
of that feeling.
>> I give him my coat.
>> What's your coat going to
bring him, going to do for him?
>> Warmth.
>> It's like he's had the world.
>> Does he say anything to you?
>> He gives me shoes.
They're torn.
They're tattered.
>> And what's the significance
of him giving you his shoes?
>> When I go into my old ways
to realize life's not so bad.
My shoes don't leak.
The shoes were just
so tattered and torn,
and they were-- barely
looked together,
and he just took them
off and give them to me.
It made me feel a little bit
ashamed about myself sometimes,
how I feel sorry for myself
when I got no need to.
I have numerous pairs of
shoes, which don't leak.
And these pairs
probably mean more to me
than any pair I've got.
Anything else you feel you want
to say to him or he to you?
>> No, I give me a hug.
>> You give him a hug.
And he's now got your coat,
and you've got his shoes.
Anything else that the two of
you want to say to each other?
>> He just wished me well.
>> How does that feel?
>> It felt good, actually.
>> I wonder if the two of you
perhaps can go back to that
meeting of the people
in the village,
the people in the marketplace.
See if there's anything
else we need to say to them.
I knew we probably
had some more work
to do, talking to the
villagers, because remember,
at the death point, he
said he felt dislike
towards those people.
So I knew in all
likelihood, there's still
anger, which would
have totally made sense
because this little boy, nobody
saw him, nobody helped him.
So there's likely to be
some anger around that.
>> My first initial thought
is to slaughter them all
because I'm stronger,
which I know is wrong.
But it's my first
initial thought.
I can see they're scared
because the other boy's a boy.
I'm a man.
These people ain't men.
They're shadows of them.
But that's one of
the lessons I think
I've just had to learn
where just acts of violence
and doing stuff like that
doesn't solve your problems
and doesn't make things right.
You can be one or the other,
a weak boy or a strong man.
But I suppose it's
the same answer.
And instead of chopping
those heads off,
I've taught them the truth and
it's hurt them just as much.
When I actually talked to
him, and I said everything
I wanted to say,
I felt relieved,
and I felt like it
was off my chest.
And I felt I had
shamed him, and I've
hurt him just as much, but
through words this time.
And I also felt,
then, I had stood up
for the boy who had no one, who
didn't have anyone at the time
to stand up for him.
>> It felt like this wasn't so
much about acting out on that,
on that I want to
slaughter them.
But it's actually, ooh,
this is my first thought.
I'm going to think about that.
I'm going to process it and
actually reflect and actually
think about how he wanted to
act on those feelings of anger.
>> I have to process before I--
before I react sometimes.
Not a lot of good comes
from when I don't process.
>> Yeah.
Is that patience that the guide
was telling you about, isn't it?
Yeah.
>> I think this was the
whole point of this.
I think it was for
me to learn a lesson.
And I think the
lesson was patience.
It's something which I
haven't had in abundance a lot
in my life, if I'm honest.
It was good to hold
it for a little bit
and not just want
revenge straight away.
It was good to speak with words.
>> Just see if there's any other
words there for them that need
to be spoken.
>> I forgive him now
because, otherwise,
it will still hold me.
Whether I like him or
not, it's forgiveness.
I don't want to keep
holding on to the past.
>> I wonder how you can use your
strength in all these different
areas to help you in your life
when you feel overwhelmed.
>> Usually, it's never
as bad as what it seems.
Usually, overthinking kills.
If you can detach and find
somewhere, your happy place,
and not make that
phone call, that email,
there's probably
a very good chance
you might feel differently.
>> I wonder if the gift of the
broken shoes from the boy--
if they will help
in any way as well.
>> I think that's
why he gave them.
Even at times when you think
you're having a bad day,
or you've gone under a
certain number you wanted it
in the bank, could you go out
and buy a new pair of shoes?
You can probably buy two.
And it does make me realize I
am definitely on the right path.
It's all OK.
It's going to be all right.
I'm really, really
thankful for this session
because I actually
got more out of it
than I ever thought I would.
It's such an important time
of my life for this to happen,
and I think what it would
do is it will take me
to the next level
in so many ways.
>> Just check with
the spirit guide.
The spirit guide has got
any other advice for you?
>> Enjoy life.
Enjoy the moment.
You've already come so far.
Enjoy the journey.
>> These sessions are
always really surprising,
and I never know where
we're going to go.
I think for Scott, it really
taught him to just enjoy life.
So how long do you
think you've been here?
>> 40 minutes.
>> Two hours.
>> Oh, really?
>> Yeah.
>> Bloody hell.
>> The shoes were really
a visual reminder to enjoy
the little wins and
enjoy the present moment.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> It's been two weeks
since my session,
and so much feels
different, to be honest.
As a self-employed person
or a business owner,
instead of me being
overwhelmed by, like,
I got to win this
contract, I got
to make this much this month,
and in the following month,
I got to make a bit more,
you've got your mortgage paid.
You've got an abundance of food.
There are so many things which
I'm already grateful for, which
I've took for
granted in the past,
but now I think will be a
bit more grateful because it
does make you realize
what are you really
worrying about sometimes.
Do you need to worry about
it today or even tomorrow?
I think when the little
boy gave me his shoes,
it was the best he could give,
and it was all he could give.
So it was really-- he
gave more than anyone.
Just in a moment,
you look and you
think, I am so lucky in so,
so many ways, from my health,
from my mental health, from
my family, from the love,
from my animals.
Genuinely, things changed
in more ways than one,
and maybe I haven't got
the vocabulary to actually
say all of them as now.
But I'm different.
Thank you Ellemiek for
a journey into my soul.
And when there's times I
feel overwhelmed in life
and things ain't
going right, there'll
be stuff I'll resonate
from that session
and we'll use going forward
from today and probably
for the rest of my life.
[MUSIC PLAYING]